Chapter 01: The New Moons Rise

History books, the few that remain, spoke of a different moon. They whispered 
of a time when the celestial body that graced the night sky was whole, 
untarnished by the ravages of a forgotten war. But that was long ago, and now, 
in the depths of the forest, Katcher lived a life far removed from the remnants 
of civilization. The world had changed, scarred by the echoes of that conflict, 
and Katcher found solace in the embrace of nature.

"Katcher, Wake up! Please wake up. You're bleeding, Katcher! You need 
to wake up!" A voice echoed through the veil of dreams, jolting Katcher from 
his slumber. his ribs felt as if he'd been kicked by a horse and above his 
right eye began a line of blood that ran down the length of his cheek. The 
wounds felt familiar to him but along with the memories of the newly disturbed 
dream, the pain quickly faded away. By morning all that remained was a spot of 
blood on his pillowcase and an itching desire to know where it had come from 
and, most of all, whose voice it had been that woke him.

As the first light of dawn painted the sky, Katcher emerged from his cabin, 
nestled among the towering Kapok trees. In this sanctuary, far away from the 
cacophony of modern life, he sought solace and connection. The surrounding 
wilderness spoke to him, revealing its secrets in the whispers of the wind and 
the rustling of leaves. The vibrant tapestry of nature unfolded before him, 
telling tales of birds weaving melodies, deer shedding their velvet antlers, 
and beavers tirelessly repairing their dams.

Katcher had become one with this living symphony. His encounters with nature 
were not mere chance, for the creatures seemed to welcome his presence, as if 
sensing a deeper connection. From the playful squirrels to the majestic wolves 
and even the elusive bears, they all treated him with an uncanny familiarity. 
Listening closely, he could hear a mother eagle in her nest on the distant 
mountainside, looking after her eggs that were soon to hatch. Katcher happened 
upon her nest once while climbing the mountain-range.  The sight of her nearly 
scared him off the rock wall, but her calm response to his abrupt arrival 
assured him that she'd meant no harm. In fact, it felt as if she welcomed 
Katchers presence. It's strange, but most of the wildlife in the area acted in 
much the same when Katcher was around. Little did Katcher know that the world 
around him was beckoning him, preparing him for what was to come.

"Katcher! Wake up!..." The voice interrupted his meditation, causing him to 
snap back to the present. That voice again, haunting and fleeting, linked to 
the dreams that visited him with increasing frequency. How long had he been 
lost in his thoughts? Confusion and a slight tremor seized him, but he shrugged 
it off, attributing it to a peculiar meal from the previous night. With a 
dismissive thought, he pushed the unsettling experience aside, focusing on the 
tasks that awaited him.

Katcher's cabin stood as a testament to his dedication and craftsmanship. He 
had worked tirelessly to construct it, with his father's guidance during the 
summers of his childhood. The four sturdy trunks of the Kapok trees formed the 
cornerstone of the cabin, their branches embracing the structure as if they 
were extensions of its very being. Over the years, the trees had grown, lifting 
the cabin several feet off the ground, a testament to the passage of time and 
the enduring bond between Katcher and his father.

The cabin, both inside and out, blended seamlessly with the surrounding forest. 
The dark wood, sourced from distant lands, adorned the walls, window frames, 
and furniture. It was a natural extension of the environment, as if the trees 
themselves had shaped and crafted it. The paintings and dreamcatchers hung 
delicately, suspended from branches that intertwined with the cabin's framework.

For Katcher, the cabin was more than just a shelter; it was a sanctuary and a
lifeline. Every aspect of its construction held meaning and purpose. In the
solitude it provided, he found respite from the haunting memories of his past,
the people he had lost, and the darkness he had endured. The constant activity
and meticulous care he devoted to the cabin kept his otherwise wandering mind 
silent. That is, until the voice came back. Until it was time for Katcher to 
wake up.

As the voice whispered in the darkness, memories stirred within Katcher's mindâ€”
memories he had long tried to suppress. The pain of losing his beloved wife, 
the weight of her absence weighing heavily upon him. It was a battle between 
remembering and forgetting, a struggle that had left him adrift in a sea of 
sorrow. Little did he know that the answers he sought lay hidden in the depths 
of his past, waiting to be unearthed.






